Data Types
JavaScript's Data Types
The latest ECMAScript standard defines seven data types:

A primitive value or data type is data that is not an object and has no methods. All primitives are immutable, meaning they cannot be changed. There are six primitive types:
Number
String
Boolean
Symbol
Null
Undefined
The seventh data type is Object.


Number Data Type
According to the ECMAScript standard, all numbers are double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754-2008, meaning there is no specific type for integers.

Maximum Value for a Number
The MAX_VALUE property has a value of approximately . Values larger than Number.MAX_VALUE are represented as Infinity.

Minimum Value for a Number
The MIN_VALUE property is the smallest positive value of the Number type closest to , not the most negative number, that JavaScript can represent. MIN_VALUE has a value of approximately . Values smaller than Number.MIN_VALUE ("underflow values") are converted to .

Symbolic Numbers
There are three symbolic number values:

Infinity: This is any number divided by , or an attempt to multiply Number.MAX_VALUE by an integer .
-Infinity: This is any number divided by , or an attempt to multiply Number.MAX_VALUE by an integer .
NaN: This stands for "Not-a-Number" and denotes an unrepresentable value (i.e., ).
The isSafeInteger Method
A safe integer is an integer that:

Can be exactly represented as an IEEE-754 double precision number, and
Whose IEEE-754 representation cannot be the result of rounding any other integer to fit the IEEE-754 representation.
The Number.isSafeInteger() method determines whether the provided value is a number that is a safe integer.


String Data Type
A string value is a chain of zero or more Unicode characters (i.e., letters, digits, and punctuation marks) 
that we use to represent text. We include string literals in our scripts by enclosing them in single (') 
or double (") quotation marks. Double quotation marks can be contained in strings surrounded by single quotation 
marks (e.g., '"' evaluates to "), and single quotation marks can be contained in strings surrounded by double 
quotation marks (e.g., "'" evaluates to ').

Boolean Data Type
A boolean represents a logical entity and can have one of two literal values: true, and false.

Symbol Data Type
Symbols are new to JavaScript in ECMAScript Edition 6. A Symbol is a unique and immutable primitive value and may be used as the key 
of an Object property.

Null Data Type
The null data type is an internal type that has only one value: null. This is a primitive value that represents the absence of any 
object value. A variable that contains null contains no valid number, string, boolean, array, or object. You can erase the 
contents of a variable (without deleting the variable) by assigning it the null value.

Undefined Data Type
The undefined value is returned when you use an object property that does not exist, or a variable that has been declared, but has never had a value assigned to it.
